hi again folks welcome back to five euro
food today I'll be making crispy
aromatic duck one of my favorite dishes
ever this crispy duck delicately
flavored with five-spice is very common
in Chinese takeaways in England eaten
with pancakes plum sauce and sliced
cucumber and spring onion it's a great
meal best of all though is that it's
super simple to prepare at home and the
results you get are absolutely great to
make this dish you're gonna need the
following ingredients duck preferably
leg or even the whole bird salt the
quantity depends on the amount of duck
that you use for two legs you'll need to
use around one tablespoon and five-spice
again the quantity will depend on the
amount of duck for two legs use around
two teaspoons
start off by preheating the oven to
around 170 degrees Celsius
score the skin of the duck with a sharp
knife and then mix the five-spice in the
salt together
rub the salt mixture liberally all over
the duck both on the skin and the meat
and then place into a roasting tray
place into the preheated oven for about
two hours turning the meat every 30
minutes person you should also spoon
away any excess fat from the roasting
tray as this will prevent the duck from
getting really crispy
once the duck is looking really good and
crispy turn the oven up to about 220
degrees Celsius for about 15 minutes or
so to give it a final blast to make it
as crisp as possible finally remove the
crispy duck from the oven and allow it
to cool a little before shredding the
meat and skin with two forks transfer to
a serving bowl and serve with Chinese
pancakes plum sauce sliced cucumber and
spring onion enjoy thanks for watching I
hope you loved this dish as much as I do
and as always do check back again soon
for more recipes from five year of food
you